Architecture
•	Client: Android SDK 
•	Server: J2EE 
•	Graph database: Neo4j

Use-cases for posting invitations
Primary actor: user
Goal: Create and post an invitation to selected friends
Pre-Condition: The user has logged in
Main Path:
1.	Create meal invitation
2.	Select recipients for invitation 
3.	Post invitation

1. Create meal invitation
Primary actor: user
Goal: Create an invitation to be disseminated amongst friends
Pre-Condition: The user has logged in
Main Path:
1.	The user pushes a "create invitation" button
2.	The app will show a list of restaurants.
3.	The user must select: 
    a.	One restaurant, or
    b.	Multiple restaurants
    c.	Input new restaurant name
4.	The app displays the selected restaurant
5.	The user selects the start time for availability to begin meal 
6.	The user selects the end time for availability to begin meal, or selects from a list of duration options (e.g. 30 mins, 1 hour, etc.)
7.	The user selects the approximate meal duration selects from a list of duration options (e.g. 30 mins, 1 hour, etc.)
8.	The user optionally sets a meet-up location 
9.	The user presses the “select friends” button to enter the next phase.

Select recipients for invitation
Primary actor: user
Goal: Select friends to which an invitation can be sent
Pre-Condition: The user has created a meal invitation
Main Path: 
1.	The user pushes the “select friends” button
2.	The app shows a list of friends and preset friend groups
3.	The user selects which friends and groups of friends will receive the invitation
4.	The app displays the list of selected friends to which the invitation will be sent
    a.	The app has an option to save this set as a custom friends group or override an existing friends group
5.	The user sets the maximum number of friend acceptance before the invitation is closed
6.	The user sets if this invitation is open to other parties (e.g. invitation to extendable to friends of friends and no more)
7.	The user presses the “complete post details” button to enter the next phase. 

Post invitation
Primary actor: user
Goal: Post the invitation to be seen by selected friends
Pre-Condition: The user has created invitation post and selected target friends
Main Path: 
1.	The user presses the “complete post details” button
2.	The user selects a start time for invitation post time (default is “now”).
3.	The user can select an optional invitation expiry time, or select from various options for invitation durations (e.g. 30 mins, 1 hour, etc.)
4.	The app displays an option to save this invitation under a name for future use
    a.	If the user types in a name for the invitation and saves
    b.	The app acknowledges the invitation has been saved
    c.	If the user does not opt to save, then the invitation will be stored as “current invitation”
5.	The user presses “post” button to post
    
Edit invitation
Primary actor: user
Goal: Edit an existing invitation
Pre-Condition: user has created at least one invitation
Main Path: 
1.	The user pushes a "edit invitation" button 
2.	The app shows the current active invitation (if available) and the list of saved invitations
3.	The user selects which invitation to edit
4.	The app returns the “create meal invitation” page with fields filled
5.	The user edits the fields and continues the process starting at the “create meal invitation” page
6.	The user saves the invitation
    a.	The user can also post the invitation

Delete invitation
Primary actor: user
Goal: Delete invitation
Pre-Condition: user has created at least one invitation
Main Path:
1.	The user pushes a "edit invitation" button 
2.	The app shows the current active invitation (if available) and the list of saved invitations
3.	The user selects which invitation to delete
4.	The app deletes the invitation and returns “invitation deleted” message

Respond to invitation
Primary actor: user
Secondary actor: friend user who sent the invitation
Goal: Respond to an invitation 
Pre-Condition: user has received an invitation from a friend 
Main Path: 
1.	The user clicks on an active invitation
2.	The user reads the information on the invitation (see “notification”)
3.	The user can respond in one of the following cases:
    a.	Decline the invitation
        i.	The app sends a decline to the inviter
        ii.	The app dismisses the invitation from the user’s active invitation list
    b.	Ignore the invitation
        i.	The app dismisses the invitation from the user’s active invitation list
    c.	Accept the invitation
        i.	If the inviter has set the invitation to “open/extendable” and the maximum number of invitees has not been reached, the app displays a list of friends
    ii.	The user can select another friend (if that friend is a user of the app) or manually type in the name of the friend (This friend of friend is definitely going)
    iii.	The app sends the acceptance (with the numbers and names of accepted invitees) back to the inviter
    
    
    
